<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? its an element where its name is its meaning
    2. What is HTML used for? to set up webpages 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? gives more information about an element
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? usually used for a header, and only once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes? a hyperlink, and img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? title
    7. What is an id? used to specify one element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? header
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? only once
    10. What is a class? used to specify multiple elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? multiple times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? to describe what the picture is. typically for the blind, or if pic doesnt load
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? div is block level, section is an inline element
    17. What is CSS used for? to style the webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. h2{
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. class can be used for multiple elements, where as ID is for one element like a header
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human{
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? selects all elements that are a direct child of the parent element. it would be useful when needing to select a lot of the same child on a webpage
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar a{
    24. What is a pseudo selector? selects elements that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? <br>
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div{
									     border-style: dotted;
									     border-width: 1px;
									     border-color: black;
									    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *{
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /*comment*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm filename. want to be careful because its easy to accidentally delete something you didnt mean to.
    34. Why should I use version control? that way you can revert back to a previous build if need be
    35. How often should I commit to github? often
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin first-last
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork,add collaborator, clone, branch, add .,commit, push, pull req, add collab to reviewer.


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 